good morning and gentlemen did not feel
mind states to turn to us the forum of
navid princi
but the sympathetic i was recently discovered
balances in the series of pokémon for the
precision in b name of the alpha fir ma
I think we can also reproduce
in other games like Mr.
but also black and white that the
white snow on you can
potentially reproduce that instead it is
been discovered by the user shade of fire
333 that not even kindly granted the
allowed to use the video fight from
game in this video is from when
we will see you speak a little earlier however of the
general context of some successes of
this of hedgehogs because it is really one
what he has done has happened in an inn
the more my love the curtains of which
I always talk to you but not in which he and
informants for the stake usually but in the
eighth season of the broken point of the
practically of the special season of the
point to fight they could only be used
pokémon with boats you could give
only berries as a pokémon tool
for this the opponent of these shadow
file was using a suit
amiterno with sand river but with
agitation ie that skill which
deactivate the effect of banks on
opponents practically so you understand that
it's a great skill in a market in the del
genre where you can only use bach and
chopin was using a zoom in on
with mbour belly and at one point of the
match found itself having a
zoom in with a burano belly with the
very low health and thailand between
opponent was hit by a water a
azuma jet re peer 6 but had
stylus cup beard then resisted
he too with few ps is good to keep a
zooming had few ps in the
version was using graham bull
with earthquake then I leave you
imagine what happens if you don't have
enough imagination however we see a
comment
from this match as good as I have
said that those who zoom in and there is this
taira there because it's never annoying right away
with agitation because all then with in
field can only hold berries and
decided to open the Genesis priest game
and now this taiwan slower ether
of azuma really and is important now
that carbyn who will use of state than not
you see that blue and uses a hard belly
so actually it is slowly becoming
lowering health can not be used to
bank because tyrant was shaking that
the discard of the Aquila area is
such vanities as the fastest and asylum
abled
remember it because it's important now
enter credits to note that chatter e
poker of korean team jane would have
meaning if there were Calabrian sand
sign to get how to say the
strengthening of the storm of
sand on the little rock type but
otherwise for pokémon of type now already
it seems to me some kind of some
exaggerations
and here are always some pokémon's
shadow files not weakened so much
note the fantastic thing about Italians
for those who use breach on breaking the
reflection of cles who really a move
providential and add zachariah
so goodbye you believe knows more if not
he had many hopes
and here it is serbi kiss is a bag
very rare some trucks throw you and
Now nothing should come great goal
finally here is what great and we see
which as I have already told you in an earthquake
decreases a little azuma attack
re and perhaps this was also
fundamental because maybe I don't know
air tyrant would not survive
a water g et otherwise adds the
problem of bajrami protection
and weakens at graham bull but this one
it's not that it's very important
necchi to use the flash less badly than not
he used al serviva ce on classics
seeing the protection completely
because otherwise this Greeks do not
would never you could never
could have happened and we see that water a
jet to do not send ko taylan iter also
these determinant for the site in the
match because of easter bun and this one
big bull point the earthquake but be
beware because tajani for agitation
so just tajani tar va ko
agitations turn off and blues also
if he had gone ko
well let's say it resurrects yes so here it is
this juvenile
well with zero psr coupé managed to
eat a cedar berry even if it was
exhausted and returning to life in a certain
meaning yes gentlemen so apparently
this can also happen and therefore the
next time in battle you have a
pokémon with cedar cow and send him ko
at a stroke but is angry because a
apparently your bit that can't
eat cedar map even if exhausted e
then 16 but nice wire text found
to this species of azuma resurrection
eva melli video for today ends here
that's it too
the publisher liked each other
this video notes that I showed you not
he even saw the guy that I have
registered because I always thank the
first angel who records me in fluids
for this video he asked
explicitly to record by tapping
eyes or adjust by plugging
screen because yes because I wanted that
there was this beautiful glee
surprise also for him so be it
addresses you liked good for you and
see you next to you